Hey, Samuel. Welcome back to Talk Byth enemy.
Thank you. Thank you very much for having me again.
So soon after last time.
Yeah, it's always amazing to have you on.
In fact, you were on just last week in a really cool show that
tons of people enjoyed and is not yet out at the time of recording,
but will be released to the world by the time your show goes out live.
So it's a bit of a time travel thing.
Very, very appropriate here.
But it was under the full-time open source developers panel of like a bunch of folks.
For example, Charlie Marsh, Will McGugan, Gina Houska, and so on, right?
And you snuck in for a minute there on your travels.
But now you're back and we're here to talk properly about something really excellent that you put together called Fast.
UI, which is going to be a lot of fun.
Yeah, thanks so much for having me.
I'm in a slightly better environment for a podcast
than the stairwell of a restaurant
somewhere in Istanbul.
So yeah, it's nice to be there.
High marks for effort there.
Come on, that was great.
It was good fun, but this is a better place
to talk about these things.
Yeah, well, I hope you had a good trip
and you're backing at it.
know kim out in the audience points out you hey could you just write another impressive tool for
the next week's show because uh things are going pretty prolifically over there you tell people a
bit about pydantic the company they probably heard of the library but just what are you up to these
days yeah so so pydantic's obviously been around since 2017 originally but then it's like something
weird happened at the beginning of 2021 i don't know quite what that was but like pydantic like
the downloads just like went crazy so we were like five million downloads then and we're now
130 million so like the yeah it's it's gone crazy and then just a bit more than a year ago uh i was
very lucky sequoia got in touch with me and i basically said that i want to start a company
i had been meaning to do that after after i released pydantic v2 that i was then working on
but uh yeah i started the company uh beginning of this year and now have an amazing team of uh 10
people working with me so we released pydantic v2 finally having originally told people it would
take me alone three months it took me and i guess then six people a year in total but that was that
was released uh back in the summer and now we're working on uh on a platform that i'm not going to
talk about now but i would love it if you'd have me back uh i guess uh beginning of is that next
is that next week or whatever it's not quite next week 2024 something like that yeah yeah okay i
I think we're going to try and get to open beta in Q1.
So yeah.
Okay, fantastic.
Yeah, well.
But off the back of, so that, without getting into a lot of details on it,
has a platform component to it.
And so we have people will be logging in, et cetera, et cetera.
And I was just thinking about all of the path and the churn of building
building the relatively mechanical bits of an application again.
It doesn't matter, actually, if you're building it with React
or with one of the other front-end frameworks.
You end up having a whole bunch of stuff that's duplicated
between what the front-end guys are doing
and what the full-stack developers or the back-end developers are building.
For us, and I guess for lots of people, there's a Pydantic model
that's kind of at the core of lots of those bits.
And I was just dreading all of that churn.
and I had been wanting to build something like Fast UI for a long time.
But the fact that we're going to be using it internally really spurred me on to go and get it built and release it in a very incomplete phase to see what people thought.
And yeah, it's been a great reaction, and here I am.
Yeah, there has been quite the reaction to it.
Let's see.
Do the GitHub star test.
It's 2.6 thousand stars, and it's, what, two weeks old?
A month old?
Yeah, a month old.
Last month, anyway.
Well, it was only released publicly, like, yeah,
less than two weeks ago.
Oh, that's right.
So you worked on it a little bit private,
and then you flipped the bit on the public status.
Yeah, that makes a lot of sense,
because you don't want people to just go,
whoa, what are they building?
I mean, maybe you do.
Maybe you're like, what is this GitHub repo?
They misspelled FastAPI.
I don't know what they're working on.
Yeah, exactly.
And also, I mean, we have a team with lots of people
who've done lots of open source,
very strongly opinionated engineers.
I can't even get my team to use it
without kind of proving the value in it.
So I worked on it a bit without really talking to them
and then was like, right, I built this thing.
Let's at least give it a try.
Because I don't know, maybe I'm wrong in this,
but I think it's quite a fundamentally different way
of thinking about how you build user interfaces
from lots of the tools that exist today in the Python ecosystem.
And so there's a bit of an education piece
and trying to understand the principle
as well as the mechanics of going and using it.
Yeah, absolutely.
Well, we're going to dive into the philosophy,
but I'll give people the TL, too long, didn't read version.
Basically, you can create UIs in pure Python
in sort of dynamic web framework friendly ways, right?
Yeah.
So the thing that I think,
and maybe I think that probably the mistake
is in my description of it,
because yes, it does that.
But where I personally think FastUI is powerful
and where we're using it within the Pynastic team
is actually we have got front-end developers.
We've got some really expert guys
who are very comfortable building stuff in React.
but we want to
we don't want those two
roles to have to constantly
communicate to build every individual
bit so the idea is I think if you go
down the page a little bit I kind of explain it
but like for a Python
developer it's this way
of building UIs without having to touch
TypeScript or JavaScript or npm or
any of those Byzantine
like mess of
build tools but then for a front-end
developer it's this opportunity to go and build
the best components you can
and basically provide a powerful interface
for your backend guys to go and build a UI with it.
To split those two things up and I guess allow React
to do what React does brilliantly,
which is provide these reusable components.
- Yeah, absolutely.
Kind of a framework as well to bring the navigation
and the cohesion of the whole app together,
not just a particular view or a page too,
you would say, right?
- Yeah, so the weird bit is this principle
of RESTful interfaces.
We've all heard of RESTful and we all think we know
what it means, which is basically something to do
with a URL structure and return me some JSON
that gives me the data I need to render my view.
Well, if you look at Roy Fielding's original PhD,
as is brilliantly described in this HTMX article
what I talk about further on down here.
He's not really talking about that stuff.
Sure, he has some stuff on what the URL structure should be.
But really, his principle is that the data returned
from the back end should be self-describing,
as in it should have everything you need to go and render
the user interface.
So let's say-- I think they're using the HTMX example
of a bank account.
And if you go down to the principle, the long version,
here we are.
I've linked to the PhD, but more importantly, the HTMX article, which explains it really well.
So I think if we follow that, yeah, I think they'll even on that page, he'll have, there's a very,
they have a jokey tone lots of the time, HTMX, but they also talk about some really cool things.
So somewhere I think they have, yeah, here we are, right?
So if you look at the traditional JSON response, which I think is the second one,
and you were trying to show, yeah, right.
So you and I as humans can read this and be like,
yeah, that kind of explains my bank account
and what's going on.
But there is not enough information.
It's got like an account number and a balance,
which is a more complicated object, nested object,
and those types of things.
Right.
It's got all the things.
And we can read account number.
Cool, that's a number.
Balance, yeah, that makes sense.
But if you're a computer, there's not enough there
to go and render someone the nice user interface
they would want where they would have it displayed on a page.
So if you were the engineering team in the bank
trying to turn this into a web interface,
you then need to go and have lots of very application-specific
or page-specific logic to show where the account number goes
and where the balance goes and where the status goes
and stuff like that.
And that causes enormous amounts of churn,
and it means that it's particularly difficult
for when you have those engineers working in different time zones
because you end up having this speck between the two.
And then you always have this problem with software
where, fine, we can get it to work,
but what happens when we come to add it?
So what's the process of,
let's say we want to show as well on this page,
your like joint account balance,
let's say just to make something up.
What we probably need to do
is we need to get the backend guys
to go and add that to the endpoint
and then the front end,
and that can be deployed.
And then the front end can be updated to show that
and the data is available.
That is a lots of churn,
lots of delay in that.
So the principle-
It's a coordination between the two domain experts,
and then you've got that microservice cascading,
like it's got to do this, then this one's got to be upgraded,
and then eventually there's enough flow of data through the system
that the UI people can put it up there, right?
Right.
And it's bad in this case of showing your bank balance,
but it gets even worse when you have a form
where every field in the form needs to be completed, for example.
And so we basically have to deploy the front end
that has all of the form components
and the backend that receives that new form
at the same time.
And we've got this Pydantic model
that if we, you know, depending on how we've done it,
probably is used to define our form
and it might even be used to define our database.
But like we're not using a Pydantic model
in the front end.
TypeScript, in my opinion,
is a big Achilles heel in typing
is that you don't have any,
you can't use type hints at runtime.
And so we don't have an equivalent of Pydantic.
And so we're basically trusting that data is how it is.
And so, yeah, Fast UI is an attempt to basically remove that need
to have complete synchronization between backend and frontend
by having beautifully designed components in the frontend.
Not saying what we have now is that beautiful,
but that's the ideal log term.
But then the back end can basically just do the orchestration.
You can say, show me a table, show me a form,
show me a modal, and put the following content in it, etc.
Excellent.
Nice comment from Tony on the audience.
As I originally started in Python, went to use in TypeScript,
Pydantic made the transition back to Python so nice.
And so in your description, you also have up here
that this Pydantic is involved here.
What is the role that Pydantic plays?
Right.
So the idea is that we're getting to this RESTful UI
is really that we end up having a bunch of components
in a shared definition of some components.
And we basically promise that the backend
is going to send data that matches
the types defined in the front end.
Well, that's all very well,
but if you're not careful,
you end up not sending quite the right data.
So what's nice is that all of the components that you can return from FastUI
are themselves Pydantic models.
And so Pydantic goes off and does not only the validation,
but also the coercion, and it does stuff like uses camel case
so that front-end developers are happy because we've got no underscores anywhere.
And so, yeah, all of the front-end, sorry, the backend code for FastUI
is basically just Pydantic models, which implement these,
implement these components, right?
So it might be useful for those who can see this to go in
and I can talk through an example if we go into the code here
and I can talk you through like a very basic component.
Oh, maybe it'd be easy.
I showed it here.
So I've got the code base open here.
I'm just working on something.
But if I open up here, source and then the Python package
and then we look into components
and we can look at like a really simple component
probably is button,
which would be kind of understandable to everyone.
Where's button?
Here we are.
So this is just a plain pydantic model,
which contains text,
which is the text you would put within the button.
Then it contains the event that you want to fire
when someone clicks on it.
And HTML type,
which in this matches what you can get in HTML,
button, reset, submit,
and then class name,
which becomes the classes that get applied.
And then critically this type, which is a literal,
which has to be button.
And that is used by the discriminated union in Pydantic
to do the validation of different types.
And it's also used by a big switch statement
in the TypeScript to basically decide
what component I'll go and render
when I get back an object.
Right, so there's some TypeScript.
Maybe it makes sense to talk a bit about the building blocks.
So you say FastUI is made up of four things.
Just so people can get a sense of like, what's at play here?
Right.
So the four things that we have now are a PyPy package, a Python package called FastUI,
which I was just showing you there the types for.
And then we have a npm package called FastUI.
Again, it's in the Pydantic organization.
which is where the meat of the logic resides
and that's implementing basically
most of the components and all of the wiring
to mean that when I return a button,
the button component gets rendered.
But obviously, we don't probably want to end up
using a vanilla button when we come to display it.
So then I've implemented basically customization
of the FastUI React library using Bootstrap.
So all that's really doing is it's deciding
what classes to append to use with each component
and also just customizing a few of them.
So for example, modal,
there's no like nice way to do a vanilla modal.
So the modal implementation in the default FastUI npm package
just basically shows me alert saying this isn't implemented,
whereas the Bootstrap one uses a nice Bootstrap modal.
And then we have finally FastUI pre-built,
which basically uses the Fast UI package,
customizes it with Fast UI Bootstrap,
and then builds it.
And that means we can go and basically return
that pre-built React app
without having to get our hands dirty
with npm on Yarn and Vite and all the other...
All the webpacky bundling,
minifying, transpiling business.
But the cool bit, in my opinion,
of fast UI is that at its core,
it's really the definition of a bunch of different
schemas effectively.
The schemas are defined in Pydantic
and they're defined in TypeScript,
but they could perfectly well be,
and really nicely, I just merged this the other day,
we now use the JSON schema generated by Pydantic
and JSON schema generated by the React types
to basically go and test
that there's an equivalence between those two,
those models everywhere.
But in theory, there's nothing to stop the front end
from being built with another JavaScript library
or even with something like HTML and HTMX,
or even you could go and use React Native and build,
or even some kind of embedded device.
You could go and implement those components.
And then on the other side, and this is even more achievable,
you could go and return data that matches those models
from a Rust or Go service.
And in theory, you don't have to change your UI at all
because all you're doing is I promise
that I'm gonna match these schemas
and then whatever front end or whatever back end
can then communicate.
Whether that comes to pass, I don't know yet.
And obviously I built the default back end in Python
'cause that's what I know best
and where I think Pyntic's really helpful.
And I built the first front end in React and TypeScript
'cause one, that's what I know
and two, it's what we're using within Pydantic.
But lots of people have asked about HTMX.
People have also asked about Svelte and others.
I think I wouldn't see the point in building a fast UI in Vue
because I don't think it adds much.
It's just a lot of work.
But I think there's a world where we build a HTMX template rendered version
of fast UI's front end that could be super valuable.
That's interesting.
So first point is these different components sound like they are potentially a little mix and match.
You know, you could take it all as one big thing, or you could say,
really like the way it defines the React front end, but we're going to implement it some other endpoint.
Yeah, I think it's something like it'll be slightly skewed now because of tests,
but I'd say it's sort of twice as much front end to back end at the moment,
as in the, yeah, it's skewed a bit by tests,
but even now there's more TypeScript.
So I think the simplest thing to do,
and you could do it pretty trivially,
would be to use another backend,
another language for your backend service.
And as long as it matches those types,
and you could even go and use something like JSON Schema
to enforce that.
But yeah, re-implementing the front end,
probably a bigger piece of work, but totally doable.
I mean, I did it in my spare time in two weeks,
got the whole thing.
So it's not millions of different things.
There's kind of 20 components at the moment
that are then composable to build
reasonably sophisticated like UIs.
- So this is a web front end
like Flask or Django sort of framework,
but a way that really incorporates building the UI
in Python and validating and enforcing it with Pydantic
rather than just, hey, file new HTML.
Let's just start typing and hope they line up.
You know, like instead of trying to juggle
all those different languages, CSS, HTML,
all the JavaScript tooling for packing up stuff,
just let's write Python, right?
So maybe you got a simple example of what it looks like
to define a real simple example here on the readme.
It's got a very interesting parity between what is in the HTML DOM and what is in the Python abstract syntax tree, I guess.
And visually as well.
The way you look at the code, it looks like the way it might look in HTML.
Give us a sense of what writing a UI in this would look like.
Right.
So I think first of all, we have to talk about the two most obvious pitfalls for this.
One end of the pitfall you have, which I think is the biggest temptation, is to basically mirror all of HTML in Python.
And for those of us who are happy writing HTML or writing React, that sounds like hell.
It's going to be slow because you have to do some weird rendering, but it's also just going to be a pig because I don't want to have to define every A, Href, and everything else in Python code.
it requires for start requires you to know two things,
Python and HTML, whereas to write HTML,
you only need to know one.
Yeah.
And I also, I always find these things that try to dodge,
like dodge the fact that HTML exists.
I find them, I just, they don't resonate with me.
I'm not entirely sure why.
It's like we have really nice things like CSS
and we have really,
there's just so much tooling and frameworks,
you know, you mentioned Brutestrap already, right?
that just plug into there.
And if it's like, well, we're just going to write,
recreate it in Python.
Well, it has all the oddities of HTML
if it's going to be really high parity.
And then you just have a less well-known way
to do the same weird thing.
I don't know.
It doesn't resonate super with me.
I agree.
And I found the same thing at times with ORMs
that you end up, the worst case of an ORM
is you work out what you need to do in SQL.
Then you try and translate back from SQL to ORM.
And it would be much nicer
just to write my SQL.
I mean, not always the case.
ORMs can be powerful,
but I think that they both can fall
into the same trap if you're not careful.
And then I was going to say
at the far end of the spectrum,
the other end of the spectrum,
you have, and I guess Django's admin view
for understandable reasons
could suffer from this,
that you basically have a very small set of things.
You have a table page and a details page
and a form page, and that's kind of it, right?
So there's this difficult trade-off
and where in that continuum
do we try to choose
what size of component to implement, right?
So for example, here we have a heading,
which is almost one-for-one matches
what you would do in HTML.
We have the text that goes within it
and we have the level,
which, you know, it's slightly different syntax,
but it's basically one-for-one matching an HTML tag.
But then we have a table,
which it doesn't look very much like an HTML table at all.
We're not having to explicitly define
the table body versus the table head.
We're not having to put in each column.
We're not having to worry.
Yeah, there's lots of stuff here that is much less like it.
And that's where it's in these very common components
where there is consistent things that lots of people want to do
or lots of places in your app where you might want to do them,
where I think a framework like Fast UI gets super powerful
because we can get you a table here with users defined
and with a few columns with some customization
on what happens when you, how we render each column.
much more quickly than we could go write out all the HTML for that.
And it's much more concise to read.
It's consistent enough that something like GitHub Copilot
will help you write it out where you do have a bit of customization to do.
I think this is where it can be super powerful.
It is pretty interesting.
I like the hierarchy.
For people listening, just check out github.com/pydanix slash fast UI.
The example right there on the page.
But what you do is you create, in this case, a FastAPI endpoint, and then you return a hierarchy of elements out of fast UI.
So we have a page.
The page has components.
The components are a list of a header and a table.
The table has data, which maps over to a list of Pydantic models, which then helps say what goes in the field for the column headings and things like that.
It's pretty interesting.
I think it's neat.
Yeah, thank you.
And obviously we can add other components
like pagination that works.
I think just to come back to the top
to how we do these views,
the very simple and it's most simple
what FastUI's React app does
is it basically takes whatever the URL is you go to.
So in this case, you might go to slash to the base URL
and it prepends slash API
and makes a request to that endpoint
to basically say, what should I render?
And it gets back.
So here we're basically returning a list of Pydantic models.
All that the FastUI model is really doing
is taking that list of Pydantic models
and calling model dump JSON on it
to get the JSON that we return to the front end.
As I say, the front end then knows how to render
each of those, each dictionary in the list
is what it is at its core.
At its core, it's a list of objects to use JavaScript parlance,
and it just knows how to render each of them,
and it renders each of them in turn.
And then, obviously, they can then have nested other models,
all of which it knows how to render.
Yeah, absolutely.
It reminds me of a couple of things.
I have an example.
Is this? No?
Somewhere along here.
I pulled it up.
It reminds me of kind of what React looks like.
People have done React.
You know, you write a function that returns kind of an HTML thing,
but then it has JavaScript arrow functions, right?
But it has the same nested feel, right?
Did React inspire you to create it this way or not really?
Yeah, it did.
I've done quite a lot of React, and I like it a lot.
I know as a popular piece of technology, there are lots of people who like to berate it,
but I do think React has been a powerful step forward.
And the greatest form of flattery is copying.
And there are enough other,
like sure there are other more powerful,
arguably more powerful,
arguably more performant new front-end libraries,
but everything is component-based now.
Like React has changed the sea change
in how we did front-end with their component architecture.
And JSX similarly is super powerful.
So one of the things that I think we're going to get to,
I don't want to dive into it yet,
But like in React, you would say like, we're going to return a photo context or a switch or something that is not typically known in HTML.
And these are higher order building blocks in the UI space, right?
So when people think about what they're creating here in Python, it's not just the fundamental DOM objects and elements, is it?
Right.
So that's exactly, yeah.
So page here is a bit of ambiguity
about how we're going to define a page.
Like default implementation does something reasonably sensible.
It like, you know, pads it, et cetera.
But like heading isn't, there isn't much to do really.
You're going to return a heading.
But when you come to a table,
there's a lot of debate about how you're going to do that.
And then when you move on to like even higher order components
like a modal, then that's the,
how exactly that's implemented is, you know,
In some sense, it's completely the choice of how you've implemented it in the front end.
You could do lots of different things.
But yeah, the whole point is that it doesn't and shouldn't be like each HTML tag is written out.
Because as I say, I think that would be an obvious failure mode for this.
Yeah.
The other thing this reminds me of, by the way, just for people out there listening, is that it looks a lot like a Flutter.
If people have done any Flutter, you've got these widget hierarchies.
You build them, you maybe set some properties,
you add in a bunch of elements,
set some children to an array of other sub-elements.
This is done, of course, in Dart,
but this is kind of a Python version that's similar as well,
these higher-order widgets.
Yeah, absolutely. Similar thing.
Actually, the other place where I've built this before
is that internally pydantic core the rust bit of pydantic is effectively not entirely different to
this right you're you you define these nested structures of different validators everything at
its core is a like combined validator which is a in rust terms an enormous enum of all the different
types of validator some of which have nested within them more and more validators and that's
how you build build up nested structures of of pydantic models which in turn is what these are
Yeah, the validators in the UI, they kind of like have a similar structure.
Bit of a sidebar, just a bit of a piece of code in here.
You've got table, which is a class, square bracket, user, which is another class, square bracket.
I imagine that you and your team are deeper into the Python type system than the vast majority of others out there with all the work with Pydantic and the interoperability with Rust.
What is that? Tell people about this.
Yes, a table is a generic.
So you can imagine if you were doing list events,
you would do list square bracket int.
And that's basically the point is that list is a generic around its elements.
Same as a dict is generic around its keys and its values.
Well, table here is generic around the Pydantic model that you're using for each row.
And particularly what that means is that what it means practically is that table has access to the class when it's deciding what the default columns are.
So if you don't define the columns list as we have here to say what columns to display, it will show all of the fields in the Pynastic model.
And the point is we get access to that to user before we've even if even if data was empty or before the validation has happened.
Is it necessary? Is it slightly like, yeah, fancy use of Pydantic types, Python types? Maybe it is.
But yeah, forgive the Pydantic team or me in particular for occasionally doing fancy things with Python types.
That is definitely occupational hazard of what we do.
Yeah, I didn't mean it as a negative. I just thought it was interesting.
No, I agree. And actually, I had it somewhere else on forms and I removed it and realized it was unnecessary.
So you can definitely do such a thing as too much Python typing.
Yeah, yeah, for sure.
It is pretty interesting.
So let's maybe talk about some of the examples.
Actually, before we do,
just give us a sense of where does this fit
in the UI space for Python?
On one hand, we've got Flask, Django,
FastAPI returning HTML, et cetera,
where it's all on you, right?
You're doing all the five languages of web apps.
SQL or some query language, Python, JavaScript, CSS, some other tools, right?
Like you're doing all that and you're doing my hand.
On the other end, we've got tools that are pretty cool.
Like we've got Anvil that lets you just write Python and do a draggy droppy sort of thing,
which is really neat, but it fits into kind of a box for those types of apps.
I just discovered DropBase.
Have you heard of DropBase?
I've not seen DropBase.
Yeah, I've seen a lot of these like get me a UI more quickly.
Yeah, a lot of them are like kind of low code.
Maybe I wouldn't really quite put it there, but they're pretty like low code.
But then there's places where Python goes to make it dynamic, right?
So where in that spectrum would you put fast UI as it is today?
So interestingly, and one of the reasons I wanted to come and talk to you
was I heard you were talking the other day on your other podcast.
And I heard you talking about Fast UI and kind of, I'd say, categorizing it into that group.
And what I wanted to kind of, one of the things I wanted to come and say was, yes, we can do that.
But the use case we have within Pydantic is actually to go and build a pretty complex, fully fledged application with front end developers building components.
But just get rid of that churn.
Something more like Gmail, less like, here's a table that I can click on and see some related table.
Right, exactly.
And what I should probably put in the demo
and probably where Pydantic is people most associated
and where this is going to be most useful is within forms.
So I don't know if you want to go to the demo
and I can talk people through,
but like a lot of logic within FastUI is dedicated to forms.
We can do things like nested Pydantic models
all become components within a form.
And obviously we can do client-side validation
with a whole bunch of stuff
and we can also do server-side validation.
But then we get all the fancy stuff like if the data is invalid
and you get a validation error on the server side,
we'll then basically re-render the form with the errors in place.
All that stuff that anyone building a web application
has to go and implement some version of it.
At the moment, there are some React libraries
that will build you a form from JSON Schema,
But they don't perfectly fit in with what Pydantic does
or with FastAPI.
And so I have built some variant of that about five times.
I still think the state of the art until now is Django.
But lots of us don't want to build our web applications
completely with Django because it's pretty all or nothing,
despite the wonder that it's Django.
And so that's the kind of space where, for me,
this really stands out.
because what would have been to do it properly,
it's days of work to get form submission to work,
get client-side validation, server-side validation,
get the redirect after your form.
None of that stuff is entirely trivial,
even for those of us who've done it before.
Whereas with the theory is with FastUI,
and although FastUI does not require FastAPI,
the form stuff is quite tightly integrated with FastAPI,
and you can get a really good experience
of building stuff like forms.
I think that where the alternative really today
is to use no disrespect to any of the plastic libraries
or any of the other things,
but I think the only real alternative right now
is implement it yourself or use Django.
Okay, interesting.
But I do want to go to the demo,
and I want to talk about, yeah,
but I do also want to, but maybe before we get to that,
let's try to take a little survey of what are these widgets,
these building blocks that you can use.
Is that right?
Yeah, absolutely.
I think I can find them here, yes.
Yeah.
So you've got a fast UI demo,
which I'll link to at onrender.com prefix.
But you talk about some of the things
that you can just create in that Python hierarchy
that you return that builds up your UI there.
So maybe we talk us through some of the things that are here.
Yes.
So we have the kind of generic markdown component,
which will go off and render the markdown.
this table itself is implemented using the markdown component.
Just one side note, the markdown and the code,
because they have quite a lot of JavaScript associated with them,
but they're actually lazily loaded to make the pre-built FastUI app faster to load.
Then we have text, probably the simplest one of all, just render some text.
Paragraph, again, very simple.
Page titles, a slightly funny one.
It doesn't actually display anything on the page,
but it changes the browser title.
So what you see in the tab at the top of the page.
It's not always easy to do.
Like how do you inject it into the head when you're in the body?
And like it takes a little bit of integration there. Yeah.
Right, exactly.
Heading again, very simple, like one to six HTML heading code,
bit more sophisticated.
And if you click on code, maybe maybe those who can see it will be able to click through code.
Is yeah, so code is there.
We get a like highlighted bit of a bit of source code displayed.
It's color coded with like class types having a color and keywords having a color.
That's nice.
Like you would see in GitHub or something like that.
So again, just work out the box.
Then we have some components like link list and link, which are used in other components mostly.
So if you the nav bar you see at the top of the page there that uses a link list and then we have links.
And then we get into kind of more sophisticated components.
So the first one, you see a button which loads a modal, and then the button which loads a dynamic modal.
So when the modal loads, it will make a request to get the content you want to see within that modal.
So that could be a form or it could be customized depending on the form in the page.
Then we have loading content from the server, which is the same thing we were doing in the modal, but on the page.
Then we have this SSE component.
So again, very simple to use within FastUI, but like quite a lot of work to use server side events to basically dynamically update a React component if you weren't using that.
So your server load SSE widget.
Yeah.
That provides, like you said, server sent events, which I don't know how many people are familiar with SSE.
I'm sure they're familiar with web sockets and they're familiar with just like a JavaScript event, but this is like an intermediate sort of lightweight.
One directional, but normally the opposite in reverse, I guess, from the server to the client sort of pushing out stuff.
Right. So that's a really powerful thing. And if it's if it's that easy to just hook a function call when something happens.
Yeah. One of the things I want to try with SSE that I think will work really nicely is LLM responses where you get like one token at a time because you don't want to wait for the whole thing.
Yeah.
...serve
I'd even created an issue asking for them,
but people have come along and added them.
It's been one of the nice things to see.
I think we had 18 or so people contribute
to the first release after my initial release,
or sorry, the second release of Fast UI.
So yeah, good engagement from lots of people.
Image.
Yeah, so you've got a bunch of UI stuff here.
And it just, as I look at this
and I see what you're building,
it just makes me think of like,
wow, there's an opportunity for stuff like,
like what you get out, not necessarily the same as,
but like what you get out of say tailwind UI,
where the things you might work with are, you know, on, off switches,
you know, like toggles, like you might see in your phone
or other sort of elements that have like a lot of design imbued in them
that people can just grab and use,
almost like a Django philosophy for the front end in a sense there.
Is that something that you are dreaming of or?
Yeah, definitely.
And I think there's, I haven't,
someone was complaining somewhere
that we didn't have a grid component yet.
And I think we'll do one,
but like those bits get quite opinionated.
But yeah, like calendar,
completely obvious choice, right?
Complete faff to go and implement that yourself in HTML.
Commonly used, trivial to define
because the definition,
there aren't that many different things to define.
You choose your month.
You know, most of us are on the Gregorian calendar, right?
We're not going to have to change too much
what calendar we're going to render.
So yeah, that's a perfect example of the kind of thing.
Tiles like this, again, totally possible to go and implement them.
And again, obviously, you can use, we can provide some nice default,
but also if you're a bigger company and you want to go and customize it,
you can totally do that.
And you can have a front-end developer go through and implement the classes
that basically customize the look.
But I just wanted to come back just and show you some of the,
So that's some of the other components.
So we were on the, yeah, this one.
Yeah, I don't know if we have anything more below that,
but I would love to show you the tables
because the tables and the forms
are really where it comes into.
So cities is probably the best example.
Cities is the one, okay, yeah, awesome.
So this is a list of cities
just for some public data set
with country and population.
But at the top, you see,
we have a filter to choose by country.
And if we click here,
if you start searching like UN or something,
you'll see we're doing a server side,
we're loading from the server, the list of cities.
So again, this component to go and implement,
if you were gonna do that from scratch,
you've gotta have use some like clever,
this is a list of countries.
So if you do like-
- Oh, countries, sorry, I'm typing in cities.
- You did like UN, you get United Kingdom
and United States.
- Perfect, there you go.
- Right, and then we do United States or whatever,
and then we'll get a bunch of cities in the United States.
Building this and wiring it all up and using one of the,
we use React select here, but you can use select two
or one of those components.
It's not trivial.
You need to also set up the backend.
You need to set up, there's like a few hundred lines
of React dedicated just to setting up those selects correctly.
And as you'll see in a minute on a form,
you can add this to a form with fast UI pretty trivially.
Secondly, if you go to the bottom of the page on cities,
you'll see pagination.
Again, not a trivial thing to go and set up.
If you've got--
if you're just starting from scratch
and you want to build an internal endpoint, for example,
to show all of your users, doing all that pagination
and wiring all that up is not trivial.
But we effectively do the work for you
to have that component and do the math of which page you were on
and stuff like that.
I want to reiterate that FastUI is not just designed as a kind of Django admin interface alternative.
We, within PyNancy, are going to go and use it for UI that we're going to show to end users.
But obviously, it also comes into its own when people want to just get something up quickly.
If we have a design language or something like that, or even using a framework,
I mean, you mentioned BootShop, but Tailwind or Bulba, is that one of the new ones?
Like if we're working with one of those
and we wanted to use this,
like how easy is it to sort of bring in those elements there?
- So if I show you here on boot,
to ask you how we customize it with bootstrap,
which is probably the best definition of it.
So you'll see here, this is in the,
this is the, where am I looking?
This is the prebuilt version.
So this is obviously the prebuilt version
of fast UI you can get,
but it's actually just,
It's a very simple app in terms of React.
This app has one, well, two components.
It has a div which contains the fast UI component.
And then we customize it in a bunch of ways.
We have a component that we render for not found.
We have a component we render for spinner and for transitioning.
But then these are the two that really matter,
where we can customize the classes
and we can customize how we render certain components.
So if we come in here to have this function from Bootstrap,
which is how we customize the classes,
you'll see that at its core,
just this big old switch.
So this is all TypeScript type safe
because types are very powerful in TypeScript,
but like all of the props will have this type key,
as I showed you earlier when we were looking at the Python code.
It's like the button and all the different things.
Yeah.
Based on the switch, we just go through and this is all
just like defining the classes we want for all of
the different components,
some of them depending on the exact state of the component.
So all of these form inputs,
we customize them depending on which type they are
and on which mode we're in, et cetera, et cetera.
But it's all very mechanical,
just like laying out the classes we need
for each individual case.
And then we have the other way of customizing it,
which is to use custom components.
We basically, for three in particular components,
navbar, modal, and pagination,
we define our own custom React component.
So here's the one for navbar
where we use a bunch of bootstrap types
to render a bootstrap navbar.
but you can basically create a react component that has all the settings necessary to create a
nav bar in tailwind or whatever right right so if you wanted to use tailwinds what's this like 20
it's like 100 lines of code to define all of the classes and it's pretty mechanical code right so
it would be it wouldn't be hard at all to go and use tailwind tailwind css and then you might want
to define a few of your components specifically.
But actually, modal, I think,
is the only one that really requires it to be custom implemented
because the default just shows you an alert
because there's nothing right into a modal.
The page says, it's like, "Oh, no,
the page doesn't say this isn't going to work."
Yeah. I think this is one of the bits I'm most proud of here,
is that how much you could customize it
and how simply you could start to customize it.
It's really pluggable or extensible,
so you don't have to get in and know too much about it.
You just plug in the class name generator and the renderer.
Exactly.
All of the types are, it's all type scripted.
The type should do a lot of help telling you what you can implement.
The last thing I'll show you is,
so here in the default build, as I said,
we-- our custom render function is not just a bootstrap one.
We do one special thing, which is where
we have this idea of a custom component, which basically all
it has is a subtype, which basically you should use
to render it however you like.
So in our case, we hit take custom.
And if the subtype is calc, we render that
as a particular block, like use this component here,
and we print out the cow says whatever it was
that the input was from the server.
And otherwise, we just go back to using the Bootstrap render.
And so if you look at that component here,
yeah, we've got this slightly silly example
of a custom component of cow say saying something.
- Oh, that's funny.
- But yeah, it shouldn't be too difficult to customize.
And then even if you're customizing to go back
to using Bootstrap for the fallback case of everything else.
- Okay, so you could almost just for one section
that has to be really specialized to some custom,
but otherwise just lean on a framework.
- Yeah. - Okay.
Yeah, this looks like something that one person
could take one for the team,
create a tailwind or a whatever.
- Yeah. - Generator,
class name generator,
and then put that as either a contribution
or put it up on GitHub and then you just,
you're kind of good to go.
- Yeah, I think we might actually do it.
We're using Tailwind and Radix within Pydantic.
So I suspect our front-end guys will at some point get annoyed with my use of Bootstrap
and go off and go and change it.
One of the reasons I use Bootstrap is that because Bootstrap is completely customized via SCSS
and there's SCSS compilers for Python,
we have at least a possibility in future to allow you to customize the complete look and feel of your app
without ever having to touch npm because you just go change basically the color definitions
as we do here.
The default version of,
maybe I can even change it here and as it's running,
it'll change. But if I hear you see I've set
the primary color to be black,
and so you'll see the buttons here are all rendered as black.
If I want to change it,
I haven't tried this for a bit, so I hope it works.
If I commented out primary,
you'll see that.
Changed the blue?
It all changed the blue.
Which is the bootstrap primary button.
If I changed the, I got rid of the default font,
you would see we went back to whatever the other font was.
There's a world in future where we allow you to
customize the look and feel even within
Bootstrap from Python code.
Yeah. Tell people maybe who don't know what SCSS is.
They probably know what CSS is.
It's generally referred to as SAS,
which is SASS, which is basically
a more powerful version of CSS where you can-
SAS and less. Those were the two.
Yeah, there was SAS and less, and then we kind of settled on SAS,
but then we had SCSS, which is SAS with more CSS syntax.
It's a way to do slightly more powerful things in CSS and minify it
and have stuff like variables before they were available in CSS and defaults.
And even you can do weird stuff like map functions,
and they're used very heavily in Bootstrap.
But the nice bit is because the compiler is written in C,
there's Libsass in Python where you can get
kind of a front end customization
without needing the whole of node
and the whole dog and pony show of front end development.
- Yeah, excellent.
All right, well, I think it's got a lot of legs.
So when I saw this and I saw, okay,
this is for web amps and it's kind of got this,
this Python code running that defines the backend
got the UI and it's all a little self-contained. One of the thoughts I had was, wouldn't it be
neat if there was a little bundler type of thing that made this into an Electron app?
Would this be possible? Can we get something that you could send out or is this really just going
to be intended to be kind of a friend of Django type of thing? I have not used Electron for a very
long time so I don't pretend to be an expert.
What I will say is that unlike
some of the other
UI libraries, we're not
trying to do clever things with WebSockets
and do all of the
rendering requiring duplex
communication between the client and the server.
It's pretty simple. It's like
make a request and the JSON contains
some information about how to render it
and then the front end goes off and renders it.
The result, what you get when you finish
is very, in terms of a networking
point of view, very
simple, very conventional. It's like make an HTTP request, get back JSON, JavaScript knows
how to render it. And so I don't see why it shouldn't work in Electron. There's even the
world in which we don't need the whole of Electron and someone could go and build fast UI components
for whatever native library and we could get native apps running that are based on fast
UI. Not saying that's necessarily a good idea, but those possibilities exist.
it is it does exist okay yeah yeah very interesting another thing that is um convention i suppose
i'll see if i can pull it out here is uh the UI a lot of times you'll have either just slash you'll
have uh slash users but then you'll have an api that backs it and there's this convention that
if it's in the url if you have slash api slash in this example we were talking about before it's
like slash table slash cities.
If you say API slash table slash,
that's the data endpoint.
And then if you drop the API,
that's the front end that then turns around
and calls the backend with the API inserted, right?
You want to talk about that convention a little bit
so people kind of see where that's going?
Yeah, so that's how I've set it up in the default app.
You don't have to do it like that.
And I think we're using a separate subdomain
to avoid like path-based routing and all that fun.
But yeah, the principle, the default simplest way
of basically doing a calculation to go from,
I've got a URL, how do I get the data for it?
Is, as I said earlier, basically prepend slash API.
So maybe a more general way to think about it is
for every page, there is an endpoint
that is a FastAPI endpoint or a pair of them,
maybe even one returns the HTML front end stuff
that makes it less, that talks around
and goes back to itself, right?
Yeah, so what we have in the default app here
and what I would generally recommend is where are we?
We have a bunch of routers that connect
and do all of the API stuff,
and I've just been implementing auth,
which I can show you in a minute,
but that's not available.
There's a PR for it,
but it's not available in the demo you're looking at.
Like basically catchall endpoint,
which if nothing else has been hit,
will render the standard HTML.
And one of the nice things is that the Python library
gives you this pre-built HTML,
which will basically render you the HTML that you'll get
if I went here and I view page source.
You'll see it's just returning.
Well, yeah, in this particular, if I went to 8,000,
then it wouldn't be messed up by Vite.
You just get this very simple HTML,
which in turn renders the app.
So yeah, effectively, you're right.
There's two, there's two, there's like matching endpoints for, for every view you might want
to have one to get to return the JSON, the one to render the HTML.
What's one of the, you don't write them both, right?
You write the API one and then fast UI magically.
Or whatever.
Right.
And whatever, and this would, all of, most of this, with the exception of the form submission
would all just work out the box with, with any Python web framework.
You just need to produce your financing model,
dump it to JSON and return that in a response.
But one of the really nice things about this being
the actual data existing in JSON is that writing a test,
there's quite a lot here, but you'll see most of it is Markdown.
So writing a test that our views contain what we expect them to
is massively easier when we're testing against JSON,
which we can convert to Python objects and test.
than it would be if we've got an HTML page
and we're running a bunch of regexes
for does this page contain the user's name?
Does it contain the word logout?
Blah, blah, blah.
Yeah.
By write type of things or those types of tests.
Or yeah, even worse, you end up with like Playwright
and like take an image of it
and see if the image looks like the image used to look.
And yeah.
Things I don't want to have to build.
I mean, they have to happen occasionally,
but like we're, and ironically,
we'll probably end up with them in fast UI to like even more certainty that our components work
correctly, but hopefully thereby avoid everyone else having to, having to go and build them.
Is there any concern that maybe there's unintended APIs in the sense that like all of this stuff,
I'm sure this is probably true for pretty much any React site, but like a lot of the page is
available also as an API, even if you don't intend it to be an API, like what's.
Yeah, I think that's a limitation of any...
I mean, in some ways, the data will be slightly less nice to...
Yeah, you're right.
If you're a company that give people foreign exchange rates
and you want them to always come to your site,
you obviously can't render that with React
because there's going to be a JSON endpoint
where someone can just go scrape your exchange rates
or whatever else it might be.
Right, but you can still do session-based auth
and say you have to log in to do it, right?
It's not just that it's public.
just there's always a JSON version.
But honestly, there's so many interesting ways
to pull data out of HTML.
Yeah, if someone's that valuable,
someone will do it anyway.
I also think that in theory,
if your options are build pure React or do this,
then this has the, as I say,
there's the realistic chance someone's going to come along
and implement a fast UI front end that renders HTML
and then you don't have to expose those JSON endpoints at all
and you could return HTML from your server.
We just haven't got around to building it yet.
Yeah, sure.
Okay.
I guess you could maybe do some kind of server-side rendering
potentially as well.
Yeah, exactly.
That's what I mean.
Whether it's Python server-side rendering
or whether it's JavaScript server-side rendering
or whether it's edge rendering.
I've tried to build a sort of edge rendering thing
in Cloudflare years ago using Rust
and for a bunch of reasons it didn't quite work but there's real possibility of doing like yeah
any number of different things in that direction that's interesting yeah like some of the
some of the cdns have pretty dynamic stuff right at the edge where you can sort of put your last bit
of code yeah i haven't done anything with that that's kind of what remix is doing and and next
js to a lesser extent so but again as in theory the i mean maybe i'm over overblowing it and it
Fast UI will remain what it is now, but in theory, we've set up this language of different components that hopefully is, whilst by no means universal, complete enough that you can build lots of common user interfaces with it.
And then if it really gains adoption, then people can go and build new backends and new frontends, and they all, in theory, should be able to mix and match with each other.
We'll see if that happens.
Yeah.
And widgets too, right?
Kind of like see a tailwind UI created a paid thing for higher order widgets, potentially.
Just being React already makes that, that probably exists.
I just don't know.
And there's been a number of issues of people wanting to render existing,
basically build extensions to fast UI to render their widgets.
I think we will probably support the rep for HTML,
that things like pandas data frames already returned
so that you could, for example, return a data frame
and it might not be pretty,
but you'll get something coming up as HTML
and start ugly and then move on to doing those things
in an even more powerful way.
Sure. Yeah, I didn't even think of a data science side,
but there's probably a lot of cool dashboard widgets
connected to pandas and pullers
that are potential out there.
Yeah, and charts and visualizing data
is something Dynantic is interested in.
There's no reason why a lot of them couldn't be implemented as fast UI components and then, yeah, displayed.
Yep.
Okay.
We are running pretty short on time.
But I feel like we should probably, you know, bring a little more Pydantic to the side.
Just talk real quickly about forms, right?
What do you think?
Yeah, absolutely.
Let me, yes.
So if you, probably easiest if you share, let me share my screen.
I'll do it from here because I can also,
it's like the form is pretty boring.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
It's probably most interesting if we look at the,
how the form is implemented in the code first,
and then we look at what that means for the UI.
So this is the login form that Michael,
you were just showing here that I can show.
So there's a login form with an email address,
password, some validation, basically like that.
That's powered entirely by, again,
a completely vanilla Pydantic model.
and the way that we return that is we return three things
heading which is just like just telling the person
what we're looking at here in the demo
and then this third thing is the interesting bit
where again actually the model form is again generic
around the Pydantic model
and then it takes one other argument
which is the submit URL
and that's enough information.
So what you're returning as part of that hierarchy
in Python is a model form and you give it a Pydantic model.
It looks at the Pydantic class and says,
we're going to create an email address and a password field and so on.
Exactly that.
Awesome.
Then when you submit that form,
it's submitted as form data.
Not as JSON data, but as a vanilla HTML form.
a standard form post type of thing.
Post form.
And then we have this,
this syntax is definitely slightly funky here,
but it's how we do it in FastAPI.
We have form, which is annotated as a login form,
but it's also got Fast UI form,
which also takes login form,
all of which looks a bit ugly,
but what we're really doing in the background
is converting form data into the Pydantic model,
flattening and deflattening the model
in the case where we have nested models,
which I'll show you in a minute.
But the result of this is,
in our post endpoint,
we get an instance of the login form
that we can then go do stuff with.
If I show you a more comprehensive
or complex example,
this big model here becomes big form.
And this has a bunch more stuff in it.
So it has file inputs.
Now, file inputs are one of the reasons
we can't just submit JSON
because they can be very large.
We don't have-
- And all those things, yeah.
- All those things, right.
And so here we have name.
We use bold again as I have before
to indicate required fields.
So we could, I don't know,
I've got some Pydantic logos here that I'll use as images.
This one is multiple images.
So we can select multiple images,
a date field in this case data.
Calendar picker? Very nice.
Is that just input type equals?
That's just input type equals date.
We have switches.
And then you'll see here we have size model arrow width
and size model arrow height.
And the point is that we're doing here,
and these are integer fields,
but the cool bit is that they map
to a nested pydantic model within the big model.
And so what FastUI is doing internally
is basically flattening this into one list of list of uh form fields which is then what we get
rendered here um i see so in your pydentic model you have a size object but then in the form it
just has the width and the height one after size width and size height exactly that if i put a
a requirement or a restriction like min or max onto the field in the size model would that become
a client side min and max in the forum there's an open pr to do exactly that yeah so that we will
do but obviously we will get server-side validation as well and then for a couple weeks so like it's
there's more to do right but that's awesome that'll be fun yeah and then you'll you'll see in uploads
we have some quite powerful things we can do here so uh we use the upload file which is uh
a starlet type, but we can also annotate it with form file,
which takes two optional arguments of what rule,
what accepts to apply.
So that will both in the browser when you open the.
Yeah, when you choose a file browse dialogue.
It'll tell you what.
So for people listening, you have the mime typeset,
not like a extension, but you have image slash star,
which means image slash JPEG, PNG, WebP, etc.
Right. And that's understood by the browser and
and then by the OSS to let you select files,
but it's also validated server-side.
So if someone goes and edits their HTML and submits a not image,
the server-side validation will check,
at least based on the file extension, that it looks like an image.
And you get back the bytes.
So you could also go do validation that the bytes are a valid image
if you say wanted.
To read the bomb, the mark that indicates the file type
that's sometimes in these different files, yeah.
Right.
And so if I submit this, but let's say, well, first of all, if I try and submit this because we've got server-side validation of which fields are required, it won't let me submit if this field is not completed.
And then I think if we put in name and we don't capitalize it in this case, we'll go off and do the validation and come back and we'll say name will start with a capital because I've implemented it.
Where is that validation?
Oh, I see.
That's a function that you write.
Right. So just to prove the point, I've just written a validator in Pydantic, which says this must start with uppercase.
And if I then went in here and edited that to print out the form, is that going to now clear my form?
No, it's not, which is magic.
And if I submit that, you'll see here where I printed out the form.
We got the different file objects and we got the raw data all come through as the Pydantic model.
Yeah, that's really cool.
And so I love how even the custom validators in Pydantic, like Python code that you wrote, appears on what feels like client side, but is really server side validation run by React, right?
Yeah, exactly that.
So we'll do stuff like length checks and all the things you can do on an input client side as well.
But of course, there'll also be enforced server side, which obviously if you're building anything that is going to be exposed to the internet, you've got to do.
Yeah, you should never, never trust what comes into your web app.
But just put it online for five minutes and look at the log.
It's already trained.
Somebody's already after WP admin.php.
Yeah, exactly that.
So yeah, and then the last thing I'll show,
I know we haven't got very long at all,
is authentication, which I've just been working on now.
So this is, again, it's a simple form.
I'm just going to select an email,
put in a random password, and I can log in.
And in this case, I've logged it.
It just says who I am and how many people are logged in.
If I come back to this page, it'll show me logged in,
and I can do post requests to log out.
And what it's doing internally is,
and again, this is the kind of thing that would be lots and lots of work
to implement if you're doing it yourself,
is it's storing in session storage the auth token,
then adding it as a header where we do the fetch
from the front end to the back end
so we can effectively store sessions that way.
Yeah, very cool.
Yeah, all tokens coming in as a header item
or being set as a header item.
Excellent.
Right, exactly.
So yeah, I hope that we've done a bit of a whirlwind tour
through Fast UI and what's there now
and what I hope is coming up
and the slightly philosophy of why I built it.
But yeah, I hope that was interesting.
It's super interesting.
And it's really early days.
I'm looking forward to two things,
to see what people go do with it,
what widgets and stuff they build.
can you drop in, like you said, a calendar or something awesome like that?
And I'm also looking forward to see what you all internally release in a couple months.
Absolutely.
Yeah, thanks so much for having me and letting me witter on about this random library.
Yeah, of course.
Good work.
It's certainly creative.
Maybe just give people a sense of, as we wrap it up, can they use it now?
Should they use it now?
Can they contribute?
Maybe they're interested.
What do you tell that crew?
I'd love people to contribute.
Both, I mean, almost most useful is issues saying
how you're using it, where it's working, where it's not.
There is a bunch of people who've already submitted PRs
and continue to do so.
And yeah, I think what works, works pretty rigorously
and is probably better implemented and tested
than lots of like private code.
But definitely within internal uses, use it now.
And like I say, Pynantic is building things with it now.
So look, I mean, I give the open source guarantee that it's relatively safe,
which is the guarantee that means nothing.
But mostly because at the end, it's just defining how you build your UI
and how you implement your session authentication.
It's not having strong opinions about that.
So yeah, I think it's the place where people should go and try it
and give feedback.
Excellent.
All right.
Well, thanks again for coming on the show.
Looking forward to talking to you next week.
No, just kidding.
Like two in a row.
I saw looking forward to talking to you 2024.
Absolutely.
Have a good Christmas.
Thank you so much.
Yeah.
Thanks.
Bye.